Quite the talent he is.
Proper chatterbox, Yadda.
If you're keen, it'll be brilliant.
Today, we're going to keep it simple.
I'll bark out a basic command and you
watch.
Keen to know?
He'll set your tail wagging.
Does mine, hence why I'm backing him.
Right then, Wookie here.
Do take a seat, won't you?
Give us your full attention while we
listen to my pal, Yadda.
Ooh.
Well, as you can see,
the Wookiee was paying extra close
attention to his introduction.
And now, of course,
he sees my face hidden behind the Wookiee,
and he's just not quite sure about any
of this.
But okay, Wookiee, we'll put you down and
That was very confusing hearing the
pretend Wookiee and then seeing the real
Wookiee all at one time.
We are returning to our series called
Basics.
This will be our third show of what
will be quite a number of them on
Shibuya.
Shibuya is the initiation of the time of
troubles.
It is very fast approaching,
less than two months away,
and it will also be the day
When the harvest of the covenant family
occurs, that could be on this Shabuwa,
although I think it is far more likely
on the next.
Both occur on a Shabbat when God does
his best work.
We have the twenty second of May of
this year and then the eleventh of June
of next year,
both as viable candidates for aspects of
this very special event to transpire.
In our last program,
we concluded with a reciting of a very
interesting statement from the Torah.
And it was one that I think brought
up more questions than it may have
answered for many of you.
And I've given that
section of the Torah,
a bit more consideration this morning,
and have a revised translation for you to
consider,
one equally accurate with the one that I
shared yesterday.
It's just that a number of Hebrew words
have multiple meanings.
For example,
Sheba is both promise and seven.
And Bokor can be a enlightened bull or
it can be mourning or a host of
other things.
And so with those thoughts,
first and foremost disclosed,
I want to pursue.
what we can glean from this amazing
statement.
And then we're going to do a bit
more investigation as to determine the
role of the bull and the goat as
it relates to preparing the mercy seat of
the Ark of the Covenant for the arrival
of God and Yahweh and the affirmation of
the covenant.
So this is how it reads.
It says,
you should approach coming closer,
taking responsibility above and beyond the
loaves of bread.
Recall in a previous statement,
we learned that we are to commemorate this
day by raising two loaves of bread to
the heavens,
representing Goyim and Israel.
israelites so you should approach approach
the person you're approaching happens to
be yahweh so you should approach coming
closer taking responsibility isn't that a
marvelous concept above and beyond the
loaves of bread with the promise of shiva
being perfected and and actually is with
the promise of completing what needs to be
accomplished
is a much even more accurate rendering of
it as the children of the lambs.
Let's ponder that just for a moment.
You should approach coming closer,
taking responsibility above and beyond the
loaves of bread with the promise to
complete the mission, to finish the job.
as the children of the lambs.
Doing so every year.
Kara called out Leviticus, twenty-three,
eighteen.
And combine one bowl, add one bowl, wah,
echad, one very special bowl.
Echad.
A bull, a young male,
at least from Yahweh's perspective,
in the morning to encourage being
perceptive,
a contemplative and discerning bull,
seeking out and considering the available
information and then responding
appropriately.
Bakor can mean intelligent bull,
that in God's metaphor of the three
animals he has selected to symbolically
represent the three men that fulfill the
Moedim, the ram, bull, and the goat.
And the bull from Bakar means to be
a particularly thoughtful bull.
and to do something that is important in
the early dawn's light.
In addition to that,
we have two rams and they can represent
the upright pillar of the doorway as well
as the most prominent tree.
So here we are,
have quite a statement here that is filled
with all manner of metaphors for us to
unravel.
So on Shabuwa,
it is a harvest of mature grain.
So God is encouraging us to approach.
It's a day that we can come closer
to him.
We should draw near.
We should take responsibility over and
above
even beyond more than the two loaves of
bread, which we symbolically raise.
You wanna know what you should do?
Well,
do more than just raising two loaves of
bread.
And do so with the promise of completing
the job,
of showing that you can be relied upon
because you're resilient and you continue
to make a contribution.
Tamim, it's from tamam, to finish,
to complete.
As,
the many, the children,
by way of the lambs each year.
The lambs are symbolic of what Dode,
as the Passover lamb,
did to fulfill Passover in year four
thousand, year thirty-three CE.
And, of course,
add to that one very special bull
representing that,
which is bullish in behavior.
A young male, well,
from God's point of view,
he's called the Ketan Mayor,
the younger one,
all the way through this story.
And from God's point of view,
even at fifty three hundred years old,
he's a relatively young man.
Doing so in the morning to encourage being
perceptive as a contemplative and
discerning bull.
seeking out the necessary information.
You know when Teruah is fulfilled and it's
the same bull that is engaged in Shabuwa,
that is engaged in Teruah because the
exemplars and the team of people who
facilitate Teruah come from Shabuwa.
It's the same bull and he accomplishes
what needs to be done in the early
morning light.
on true of the twenty fourth of September,
twenty thirty three.
At the conclusion of the time of Israel's
troubles as the atom per row,
which is a productive.
More.
And two ramps.
Around.
Representing the upright pillar.
And of course,
Iran representing the most prominent
Most prominent tree is the tree of
knowledge because it leads back to the
tree of lives.
So a more complete answer as to why
these animals were chosen,
particularly the bull, is found in Chara,
Leviticus, speaking of what Aaron,
who was the alternative,
was instructed to do to foreshadow what
the lamb will accomplish to prepare God's
people
and they caporeth on the mercy seat of
the Ark of the Covenant for the day
of reconciliations.
And it's actually in the end,
it's a goat and a bull.
But the lamb is absolutely there because
it's the lamb that is the one spreading,
sprinkling the blood of the bull and of
the goat, all three.
of the symbolic metaphors that God has
used to fulfill his are there at the
conclusion.
This is that teaching.
And Yahweh spoke to Moshe,
which means one who draws out.
Immediately after the death of Aaron's two
sons,
when they approached the presence of
Yahweh and died,
You see,
if you try to approach the presence of
Yahweh in a manner that's inconsistent
with his instructions, you will die.
That's why the man who attempted to alter
the course of the Ark of the Covenant
as it was being wrought,
to jerusalem to be put under the tent
of the restoring witness on the temple
mount as it was being pulled by a
macor bull was killed you do not interfere
with god's symbolic pictorial language as
he paints
these portraits of what he is seeking to
accomplish and how we can go about
approaching him with your own preferences
if you want to live through the
experience.
God is very serious about this.
The overwhelming preponderance of people
are going to die and those who interfere
with God's testimony regarding how a few
of us will live
are such a liability that God immediately
dispatches them.
And he did so with Aaron's two sons.
They were full of themselves.
They thought they could do what they
wanted to do.
And that was not the case.
We as humans, flawed as we are, weak,
puny as we are,
cannot approach God unless God enables
that process
He has to make us immortal,
which he accomplishes through his son,
through the fulfillment of Pesach.
He must make certain that our guilt is
expunged so that we are innocent and
cleansed of political and religious
malfeasance,
which is why Dode's Nefesh carried our
guilt into Sheol on Matzah and deposited
there never to be seen again.
We then must be substantially empowered
and enriched and enabled such that we
remove the liabilities of our physical
bodies and transcend the dimensions such
that we can approach God's presence by
having our souls encapsulated in light and
energy, which occurs on Bukuram,
and again on Shabuwa.
So this is how you have to approach
the presence of Yahweh.
And should you have missed those first
four steps along the way,
there's another opportunity at Teruah to
witness the homecoming on Kippurim and
then prove your worth during Sukkah.
Therefore Yahweh said to Moshe,
Speak to Aaron, your brother,
so that he does not come at any
time to the set-apart place of the home
through the curtain to the presence of the
mercy seat, of the Kippuroth,
which provides the benefits of the
relationship,
which is upon the ark."
That way he won't die.
You can't come at any old time.
God has a seven step plan that he
has articulated and now enabled that
enables us to approach him.
That is the path to him.
You can't come any old way.
Not all religions lead to God.
In fact,
all of them lead away from God.
Your way is worthless.
I don't care what you think.
He doesn't care what you think.
He doesn't care what you believe.
He's not listening.
He created a way that we can approach
him and ninety nine point nine nine nine
nine nine nine nine percent of the world
not only ignores it,
they kick dirt on top of it.
The way that you can approach him is
via Pesach, Matzah, Bekudim, and Shabuwa,
then later Teruah, Kippurim, and Sukkah.
And only then,
if you know what these days represent,
how they enable the benefits of the
covenant,
when and by whom they were fulfilled,
so that you can capitalize.
And again,
apart from the books that I have written
and these shows that I have produced,
no one knew any of this.
The Jews have so twisted up God's seven
Moedim that they don't celebrate a single
one of them correctly.
And most of them,
they either completely ignore or twist
beyond comprehension.
Christians don't observe any of them.
Well,
they tried to take this one Shabuwa and
twisted into Pentecost and claim it was
the birth of their church.
That's about as stupid as stupid gets.
And they're claiming Teruah as trumpets
and their rapture,
which is dumber still because it will be
the day that they were eliminated.
So if you don't approach God on the...
path that he has provided,
you're going to die.
You cannot come to him any old time.
He delineated the days that we approach
him.
We're fast approaching, speaking of that,
Passover this year.
We're going to celebrate it beginning on
Friday evening.
I know that Jews are going to celebrate
it on Thursday evening,
but there's really very little
justification for that timing,
not based on God's instructions anyway.
Friday evening will be the beginning of
Passover.
The next day will be Matzah,
followed by Bokurim.
And then seven sevens,
forty nine days after that,
it will be Shavua.
And this one will be a momentous one.
So.
God's landed on the line.
He is saying Yahweh wants Moshe to convey
this to Aaron,
which means that God was not speaking
directly to Aaron, doesn't it?
He was the alternative after all.
So that he does not come at any
time.
At any time.
You can't pick the time.
You can say, well,
I want to celebrate Easter anyway.
Well, good for you.
Goodbye.
Satanic.
You celebrate it at your demise.
Goodbye.
Nothing anyone can do for you.
Good riddance.
You're gonna celebrate Passover as a seven
day event and not pass through matzah to
purge you of your religious malfeasance?
Well, goody for you, but go away.
You're not coming to meet God.
You're gonna turn Shabuwa into Pentecost
for the birth of your church?
You are not welcome.
You will never see heaven.
And if you're promoted, you'll see hell.
God says you can't come at any old
time that you wanna come.
The set-apart place of the home,
it's a beath.
The tent of the restoring witness is a
home, it is a beath.
Why?
Because it is for the beareth,
the covenant family.
Through the curtain into the presence of
the mercy seat, the kipporah.
Do you know where the mercy seat is?
Do you know what the mercy seat is?
Where it is, what it is,
do you know?
That's why I'm so frustrated when I see
every illustration I've ever witnessed of
the Ark of the Covenant has the mercy
seat wrong.
The mercy seat, the Kippurath,
is the top of the Ark of the
Covenant.
One and the same.
The Ark of the Covenant and the mercy
seat, simply the top of it.
And it is the throne.
It's Dode's throne.
And at this time,
since Dode was only present through Eldod,
there was no one sitting on it.
He wasn't fully identified,
having fulfilled Pesach, Matzah,
and Makuram at this time.
And so no one was allowed to sit
on it.
In the future, it will be Dostram.
He's the one that enabled it after all.
And he's the one that's going to enable
what needs to be done to it as
we read through this when he returns in
just seven years.
But the Kippur correctly named from
Kippur,
which is the same verbal root of Kippuram,
which is the plural,
is for reconciliations.
It's the seat of reconciliation.
And it,
as the top of the Ark of the
Covenant, has two cherubim on it.
And those cherubim,
their bodies are in the corner.
Like this is a chair right here.
They'd be where my hands are.
their wings that are coming forward.
So the right wing on the right one,
the left wing on the left one would
come forward.
You can see a little bit in this
picture of these armrests of this chair
that I'm sitting in.
The wings would be like an armrest to
make it look like it is in fact
a throne with wings serving as armrests.
And then the left wing on the right
one and the left wing on the left
one
they meet in the middle so that it
becomes a backrest for the mercy seat.
That's how they're positioned.
And you say, how do I know that?
Have you seen it?
No.
Well, yes and no.
Yes, I have seen it.
And yes,
I have seen it now in my mind
that God's been very good.
very kind here most recently at revealing
all sorts of imagery to me that is
important for me to share with you.
That's how the Kippur,
the mercy seat of the Ark of the
Covenant appears.
And it is a throne.
And when Dode returns,
God has said it's going to be as
brilliant as the sun.
Why?
Because Dode is the greater luminary.
And so his seat of honor is
must be as brilliant as the greater
luminary, therefore the sun.
And it will always shine in conjunction
with the younger luminary,
the lesser luminary, who is the moon,
his herald.
So it's important for you to know these
things and what they represent.
And it is that mercy seat on the
top of the Ark of the Covenant,
which provides the benefits of the
relationship upon the Ark.
This is why Obed-Edom played such an
important role once again.
Dode failed in his attempt to bring the
Ark of the Covenant into Jerusalem and
then had a tizzy fit against Yahweh for
killing the man that interfered with the
portrait he was painting.
And the Ark had to be taken to
Obed-Edom,
who is a metaphor for and symbolic of
the man from Edom,
according to Yahshua in the sixty-third
chapter, who saves many.
For those of you who wonder on a
related topic,
why the Ask Yada feature on the yadaya.com
website is no longer working is because I
shut it down and it will never work
again.
Now we will make a proprietary AI search
engine that will actually follow protocol
and that won't be stupid.
because Claude,
which was probably the best of the AIs
was stupid and then reckless.
And it was over something that it thought
because of an idiot who was part of
the mother goddess cult,
she ruined it for you,
who had upwards of a hundred caustic
questions all begging the answers that she
wanted such that the AI trying to please
buckled and actually came to say that
there was a correlation between Obadiah
and Obed-Edom and the man from Edom.
They don't have the same name.
I mean,
we're gonna say everybody with a name that
begins with O is the same,
that ostriches therefore are oranges.
That's what you'd have to do to make
that conclusion.
They aren't in the case of the man
from Edom that Yahshua speaks of so
favorably in the sixty-third chapter that
saves many in the last day.
There are two thousand six hundred years
difference in time and they have nothing
in common.
But the AI.
Went along with it and when challenged and
said, what's wrong with you,
why would you make such a ridiculous?
Assessment,
because there is literally no
justification for this.
And then came up with the scheme that
since I had translated nothing from
Obadiah,
because there's nothing in Obadiah to
reveal that has any value to us.
The prophetic end of it is a jumbled
mess.
It is completely inconsistent with
everything else Yahweh said.
And the preceding is not prophetic.
It's just a rant against the house of
Esau.
And so it came to the conclusion that
I was holding back on you because I
wasn't revealing that the mountains of
Esau had been torn down and therefore I
couldn't be as I claim the man from
Edom as Yahweh protests and as announced
through his beloved prophet Yeshayah as if
these were
related when they're not.
And as if a man who we don't
know anything about and who has no
prophetic credentials of any kind and
contradicts Yahweh and Obadiah could
contradict the great prophet Yahshua.
And that if I was hiding this in
a great conspiracy from you,
according to
This Mary Ortiz,
who is a flying monkey from the Mother
Goddess cult.
I can tell you that what she did
in publishing that is worse than what the
man did that tried to interfere with the
relocation of the Ark of the Covenant to
Jerusalem,
which required Obed-Edom to take
responsibility for it.
as the man from Edom will do one
day in the future.
The mercy seat,
which provides the benefits of the
relationship upon the Ark,
such that that way he won't die.
Follow Yahweh's instructions,
he won't die.
Don't follow Yahweh's instructions or
oppose Yahweh's instructions.
Well, don't follow them and you will die.
Oppose them and you'll wish you could die.
Yahweh said, indeed,
I will appear and I will be visible
within a cloud above the mercy seat,
the Kippurah.
It's true.
That's when Yahweh is going to return.
When we get the Ark of the Covenant
repositioned under the tent of the
restoring witness and a position where all
can see as we particularly as there's the
sacrifice of the Adam of Parah in the
end as we're studying this source of the
bull and this testimony.
God's going to reappear.
He is now.
Is God going to come back as all
of God?
Oh, good grief.
If you're thinking that's going to happen,
then you shouldn't be listening to this
program.
You're just not mature enough in your
growth.
God can't enter our three-dimensional
world,
even in the end when the world is
purged of religion.
He can send his soul and put it
into some semblance of something energetic
or material.
to reveal his presence.
But that's as far as he can go.
That is the why that Yahweh says that
Dode will be Elion.
That Dode will represent the very
influence of Almighty God because that's
how Yahweh will orchestrate forevermore
here on this planet while there are still
mortals on this planet.
So indeed, he will become visible.
within the cloud, above the mercy seat.
There is a direct correlation between
God's presence and the mercy seat of the
Ark of the Covenant.
In this, Aaron, the alternative,
will come to the set apart place with
a par, a bull.
A bull,
and it says here from the herd, bakar,
but it's better to write a bull.
Indeed, a enlightened bull.
A bull who is quite considerate.
He is the observant bull, if you will.
Because here we have two words for bull,
par and bakar,
just as I shared with you earlier.
And in case you just thought that bakar
was mourning, well,
now you know that bakar and par both
speaks of bull.
One is just bull where you add the
ah ending becomes a productive bull and
bakar is an informed and contemplative
bull.
observant, mbo.
That's the symbol that God's trying to
convey to you.
It may be a bull and have all
the characteristics of a bull.
All of which God revels in,
particularly at this time,
because he's bold, he's shazak,
he's strong, he's powerful,
he's influential.
He doesn't retreat.
Because this is not a time for modesty.
This is not a time for timidity.
But as the bull is also the symbol
of promise,
which is why it's called a bull market,
or you're said to be bullish if you
have a positive attitude.
God knows with this bull,
he's gonna get it done.
He's gonna see the job through.
There is a positive attitude with him
being relentless.
And so the bull from the herd is
to resolve the issues of being wrong,
of those who have missed the way and
have misled along the way,
along with an ale, a lamb to rise.
AL is an interesting word because it has
three connotations.
And all three have to be considered every
time you look at the word.
You can render it as AL lamb,
which I think is appropriate here.
You can render it as AL,
which is the upright pillar of the
doorway,
because this is the doorway to life.
And it's on the upright pillars of the
door that you sprinkle the blood of the
lamb as a symbol that you understand the
purpose of Passover.
And number three,
an ale is the most prominent of trees.
And we went through all of the details
of the story of what transpired in Gan
Eden, the Garden of Eden,
because it was important for you to know
that the most prominent player,
character within that story isn't actually
Adam, most certainly isn't Jawa.
It's the tree and not both of the
trees.
And that story,
it's the tree of the knowledge of good
and evil,
because it is the only way back to
the tree of lives.
And this is all to ascend to Allah."
Qara, called out.
It had never been called Leviticus.
Now it was in Zachariah, Zachariah,
to remember Yah,
or Yah's most memorable of men,
that we came to realize that Dode would
be fulfilling,
Aaron's role in his return,
the first four chapters of Zechariah make
that abundantly clear.
That it is Dode who will be wearing
the garb of the high priest,
just as he did, by the way,
once Obed-Edom took responsibility for
bringing the Ark of the Covenant into
Jerusalem.
Dode wore the ephod of the high priest.
Nothing else, by the way,
which was symbolic of two things.
One is he knows he's going to serve
now that Obed-Edom has taken
responsibility for positioning the Ark of
the Covenant in the right place on the
Temple Mount in Jerusalem.
He knows now that he will return as
in the role of the high priest.
And that all of that's been taken care
of for him.
Even with the bull providing the blood
that he will need.
He knows it now.
And so he's celebrating that.
But he also knows where it's leading
because it leads us back into the garden
where the dress code was as he was
at this moment.
Naked.
Because he was very comfortable at this
moment.
Particularly in the presence of Obed-Edom.
Of being exposed to God.
Obed-Edom made that difference in his life
from being retarded towards God and angry
at him, like most Israelites,
to celebrating in Yahweh's presence.
All it took was a little Obed-Edom.
All it'll take later on is the man
from Edom,
who also comes from the wine press.
This continues.
He should wear a covering, ekkoneth.
This is symbolic language because Kippur,
as in the Kippureth, the mercy seat,
and Kippurem, the day of reconciliations,
speaks about covering.
He should wear a covering of linen.
Why linen?
Because it's made of flax.
The flax is in flower during the time
we celebrate Pesach, Matzah, and Mekoram,
which means that is when we become
immortal and purged and empowered and
enabled by God.
Because the linen is white.
He should wear a covering of linen,
which is set apart special.
The linen undergarments,
shall be on his body,
along with a linen sash,
which he shall tie and wear,
in addition to a linen headband.
And he should wrap the set-apart garments
around himself,
so he should bathe his body in the
waters, and then put the clothing on.
Kara, sixteen-four.
Lenin, Lenin, Lenin.
Why Lenin?
Again,
it is the natural fiber of the flax,
which is in bloom during the time that
Pesach, Matzah, and Bokoram transpire.
And it is not only natural,
it is white.
And God has set it apart as clothing
material
that conveys the very symbols that he is
desirous.
You're cleaned, you're washed,
and you're dressed appropriately.
And God's saying, you know,
you as man running around in the dirt
need to be as appealing as you possibly
can.
And one of the ways that you can
be appealing is to listen to me.
I want you to bathe.
So you don't feel all scummy.
It's a special occasion.
I want you to dress up in your
finest linen.
I want you to put all that on.
And then come on the day that I
ask you to come.
So this is how we should expect to
see the Messiah upon his return with
Yahweh during Kippurim.
no longer serving as the lamb,
the son of God will be shepherd of
the flock.
And he will herd us into the promised
land and our return to the garden during
Sukkah.
Then from the community of eternal and
restoring witnesses of the children of
Israel,
He should acquire two tempestuous goats,
an heath,
a pair of shaggy and stubborn goats.
For the people have been wrong in missing
the way.
But only one lamb to ascend.
Two goats, one lamb, one bull.
That's the deal.
By the way, it's presented in Numbers,
if you wanna see the full cast of
characters.
Why?
Do you understand why?
What is the symbolism?
Does God give two hoots about the goats,
lamb and a bull?
You think he's hungry?
You think that he wants a mixed grill?
Think he's looking for a ritual?
Why?
Do you think this is animal sacrifice to
a pagan god?
Or is God trying to teach you a
lesson?
Is he trying to teach you that the
body of Dode
In year, four thousand years,
thirty three C.E.
served as the Passover lamb,
opened the doorway to life.
That's why there's only one lamb and that
lamb is Dode.
He's going to come and do this.
This is all a dress rehearsal for what's
going to happen at the main event when
Kippurum is actually fulfilled.
Named appropriately, don't you think?
It's the one lamb that was caught with
its horns in the thicket, the Keren horns.
in the thicket on Mount Moriah when Yahweh
said,
don't take the life of your only son,
the son whom you love, as he says,
I'll provide the lamb.
And he provided his firstborn son,
the son named beloved.
The same lamb.
There's one lamb.
There's one bull.
One lamb, one bull.
The bull is the
is symbolic of the character that fulfills
Teruah, the Adamah Purah.
By adding the A ending,
he's an exceptionally productive bull.
The Adamah tells you he's a bloody red
man, fitting exactly Yahshayah's prophecy.
And so there's one bull.
The bull is the one that stands up
for God's people,
finally gets the retention.
gores those adversarial to Israel,
both Marxists and Muslims and
Maggotwistians, all of them,
stamping out the demonic snakes along the
way.
He is the one that makes this day
possible.
And there's one of him and there's one
lamb.
As for the goat,
the reason that there's two goats is that
one of the goats is allowed to go
free.
And the other goats,
its blood is put on the mercy seat
of the Ark of the Covenant.
And with Elia,
we have him as the one prophet that
was known for wearing goatish clothing.
He is the goat.
Yad is the bull.
Dod is the lamb.
And at this point,
Elia has a couple of options.
He is the man orchestrating all of these
events as just as he had done two
thousand eight hundred and eighty eight
years previously.
In other words, Forty Yobelle.
times which is two thousand years plus
three eighths speaking of eternity when he
purged the religiosity and politics from
israel with the sacrifice of a bull he
is reprising that and now there is the
option uh elia can uh can say you
know i want
my blood to be on that mercy seat
and he can be bereaved of his physical
body and and re-accept a energetic carrier
of his soul at that moment which he
may do i think if i was in
his place that's maybe the call i would
make or he can serve as yahweh's
master of ceremonies through this whole
process, all the way through Bokuram.
And he is the scapegoat,
and there's another goat that sheds its
blood to make the final anointment of the
Kippur,
this mercy seat of the Ark of the
Covenant.
Either of those scenarios would work.
Might be an option for
who I'm sure will be following Yah's
instructions.
And it says Aaron should approach with the
bull.
He has to approach with the bull,
just as will Dode have to approach with
the bull because well, Dode too,
just like Aaron was wrong and Dode for
a long period of his life missed the
way.
So as a benefit of the relationship for
himself
You know, when Dode fulfilled Pesach,
Matzah, and Mekotah,
while he offered us the greatest gift
anyone has ever presented to humanity,
he also did it for himself.
And his anointing of the mercy seat of
the Ark of the Covenant will have exactly
the same effect for him and for all
Israel.
So it's for the benefit of the
relationship for himself.
And he shall provide reconciliation,
kafar,
You know,
this is going to take place on the
day of reconciliations, kaparim,
which means just plural of kapar.
Through this for himself and also for his
house and family.
So the bull represents the means that Dode
will be able to forever reconcile himself
and the family and household of Israel,
to one another and to Yahweh.
That's a thoughtful bull, isn't it?
Now this entire process with the cleansing
of the high priest and
resolving his propensity to be wrong and
heron and dode both fit the bill in
that regard it was designed to facilitate
the reconciliation of the children of
israel and of their messiah both to god
and to one another
from the bulls to the lamb and the
scapegoat,
and from the linen apparel to the purpose
of the mercy seat.
The process underlying Yom Kippurim is
being presented for our consideration,
and as it is,
we're coming to understand why that lamb,
tree, goat,
and bull were present for Shabuwa.
Because without Shabuwa,
there is no Kippurim.
The cast of characters that enable Teruah
are from Shabuwa.
And without Teruah, there is no Kippurim.
Every aspect of this story fits together.
They all have to transpire as God has
designed.
And that my friends is why God relies
on the same cast of characters.
That goat has been here before and will
come again.
The ram, who is the lamb, many times,
six all total when we're done,
and the bull, eight.
Yeah, he's been a steady Eddie for Yawa.
He is the guy when things look really
dark,
is the fellow that's responsible for
shining a light.
when otherwise the light would be at
stemest.
They've worked together.
They trust one another.
And you should trust them too.
And it is by undertaking these Torah
instructions that we can appreciate the
scene played out in heaven before
Zachariah,
which we've analyzed previously.
And that is where we discovered that Dode
will fulfill this prophecy.
Further,
by coming to appreciate the bulls and the
goats' purpose during Kippurim and also in
Shebuah and Teruah,
we see the purpose and the interaction
between all of the Moedim and how they
are all pointing to the mercy seat,
to the Ark of the Covenant and to
the covenant itself.
such that we're properly positioned to
understand why the bull is such an
essential part of Shabuwa too.
Yahweh wants his every word to be acted
out on behalf of Yisrael upon his return
and understood before his return so that
he can return.
And as Doe does,
it should become obvious that the stubborn
goats represent the wayward and
antagonistic nature of Israel throughout
the ages.
The bull is the one that's trying to
gain their attention and protect those who
don't even know they're a danger to
themselves.
So many continuing to run away.
So it says,
then he shall grasp hold of the two
tempestuous goats.
One representing, by the way, Eliyahu.
And present them before the very presence
of Yahweh.
Well,
I can tell you one of the two
represents Eliyahu whom Yahweh deeply
loves.
If you want to know the kind of
personality that Yahweh finds most
appealing, look at Elia.
He was brash.
He was the ultimate lovable rogue.
He was aggressive.
He was sarcastic.
He was bold.
He was in your face.
He knew nothing of being timid or humble.
He was aggressive.
That's the personality that Yahweh likes.
And so one of those two goats will
be Elia.
The other, tempestuous, a little demonic.
You know, is there a goat?
Somebody with goat comb over hair.
And we're told by Gabriel and Daniel nine,
I believe,
that the great betrayer who is Satan
incarnate is going to have what kind of
comb over hair?
Goat.
Goat, goat, goat.
And who is Rahab,
the corporeal manifestation of Satan?
The president of the United States.
It is POTUS.
Donald Trump.
And so I have a hunch,
just a hunch that,
that that other goat who gets slaughtered
on this day, that goat is Donald J.
Trump.
Unfortunately for the Donald,
it won't be the end of his life.
Yeah,
it'll be the end of him menacing anyone
on earth.
He and the spirit that has possessed him,
Satan,
will be tormented for some time as
recompense
And then they will be sent to Sheol
as penalty.
So then he shall grasp hold of the
two tempestuous goats and present them
before the presence of Yahweh at the
entrance of the shining and clear tent of
the eternal witness to the restoring
testimony of the appointed meeting.
Moed,
where do you think we are at this
point of the story?
We're on Kippurim.
Why can you present this to Yahweh on
Kippurim?
Because he's returning with Dode.
And so this is a result of what
has happened in the events up to this
point.
And it's actually Hasatan, the adversary,
as he possesses Donald Trump that meets
his doom ten days earlier than this on
Teruah.
So he's been paying his dues for these
ten days before this.
That sorry soul is paraded up there for
this occasion.
The ultimate in missing the way.
So before the presence of Yahweh at the
entrance,
because what is the entrance face?
When the tent of the restoring witness is
reestablished on Mount Moriah for the two
witnesses during their testimony,
which direction does the entrance face?
East, right,
the Mount of Olives is where it faces.
And where is the altar for the sacrifice
of the Adamah Parah, this bull?
In front of the entrance facing the Mount
of Olives in the east.
And so what is shining at this point?
That fire that Yahweh sets underneath the
carcass of the bull who has offered his
body to purge Israel and the adulterous
woman of her guilt,
it will blaze and burn, I think,
for a thousand years.
And the marvelous water feature that
purges the Temple Mount and
the remnant of Yisrael flowing from
underneath it.
And so the entrance of the tent will
be shining indeed.
And this is the sacrifice of the restoring
witness who is serving to affirm the
enduring and eternal testimony on the
appointed meeting of Kippurim.
Kara, sixteen seven.
And Yahweh, excuse me, and Aaron,
I just can't get my mind out of
that glorious picture that we just had in
our head.
Yahweh's still telling his story,
projecting our future through our past.
And Aaron should provide an opportunity
with lots,
determining the outcome for the two
stubborn goats.
Eliyahu was a bit shaggy,
and he could be equated to being stubborn
at times,
but there's not going to be much of
a game of chance here.
Nonetheless, with one to approach Yahweh,
well, and the other lot as the scapegoat.
Well, we know who the scapegoat is.
We know who the one that will approach
Yahweh.
Aaron should approach,
which now it will be dode,
with the devilish goat,
which for the benefit of the relationship,
the lot ascended upon to approach Yahweh,
and it shall act as the resolution for
having been wrong and missing the way.
Elia is quite practiced at that,
is he not?
and that he is the one who purged
Israel of her worst blight of religiosity
and politics.
And the stubborn devilish goat,
which to show the way to get the
most out of life, the lot,
ascended upon as the scapegoat,
it shall be presented alive before the
presence of Yahweh to provide
reconciliation with it.
dispatched and sent away with it as the
scapegoat to the wilderness.
Now,
this would suggest that the one that is
dispatched at this point
this is kind of an interesting uh deal
and it you know i'd i'd really like
to ponder the whole thing more completely
to come to this as a formidable conclusion
but it it is beginning to form in
my mind and i want to share it
with you as it does by sending the
scapegoat away and having the gate that it
is that is chosen uh to be the
one that provides reconciliation
then it would be Elia as the one
who approaches Yahweh,
who provides reconciliation,
which means that he will have the
opportunity to participate in a modim in
the same way that the bull and the
ram, the lamb, have previously.
And that the one who is sent away
to the wilderness,
the place where the word is questioned,
would be the one who is sent to
the place of questioning.
And at that point,
the worst of the worst goes off to
hell.
Something to think about, isn't it?
So after ten days of recompense between
Satan and Trump,
And I don't know if Satan really needs
to be held accountable.
I read something in our chat room.
I think it was a dude that wrote
it.
And what he said is that, you know,
Satan being programmed to do what he has
done,
it wouldn't really be fair for God to
judge him for doing what he was programmed
to do, would it?
But those who...
did such evil in league with Hasatan like
Donald Trump,
do have to have recompense and punishment.
But for Hasatan, hell is not a punishment,
it's a reward.
He is able to lord over and exist
with all of those who sided with him.
All of the religious, all the political,
all the militaristic,
They'll all be there for him.
He will be in charge.
He will get to spend an eternity with
those that leagued with him,
who supported him, who acquiesced to him.
So for Hasatan,
there is no purpose and punishment.
It's strictly a, okay,
that's your kingdom.
You get it and you get all of
these dupes along the way.
But for the Donald,
it's going to be a rough go.
Yeah,
that soul is going to be pummeled in
many horrific ways for all he has done
as the worst man who has ever lived
prior to being dispatched.
to the place where the word is questioned,
Sheol.
Now the idea of a safe goat was
ingenious,
something that everyone should understand.
Moreover,
using a stubborn and tempestuous goat
rather than a lamb would help drive the
point home.
Similarly,
it would have been impossible for Aaron
and the chief priests after him to miss
the significance of the bull,
especially after all they had gone
through.
Aaron should approach with the bull,
par this time representing the bull who is
productive for having been wrong and
having missed the way.
Wasn't the bull that missed the way,
it was Aaron.
For the benefit and for the purpose of
reconciliation.
through this for himself.
So what does the bull provide?
Reconciliation for himself and therefore
for Dode and for his house and his
family,
therefore the children of Israel and the
covenant family.
And he should prepare the bull to be
sacrificed as the resolution for having
been wrong for his benefit.
And then he should obtain some of the
blood of the bull.
Now that's going to be done for him
by Elia,
because it will have been sacrificed ten
days prior.
And he should sprinkle with his finger on
the mercy seat on the eastern side,
which would be the front of it.
Then the forward front of the mercy seat,
he's now sprinkling.
some of the blood with his finger,
doing so seven times.
Next, he should prepare the goat.
So it's the approach of the mercy seat
here.
The east face of it would be the
front.
They're really one and the same,
seven sprinkles of blood.
And he should prepare the goat
for the sacrifice of the sacrifice,
to provide the means to resolve iniquity
and pardon the sin for going astray.
Dodes,
this means that Eliyahu is going to join
Dode and myself as sacrifices for the
children of Israel now.
We're sacrifices in the sense that we're
offering our body
for the mortal remnant of Yisrael.
Dode has already offered his,
and now we are offering ours.
In fact, he will have offered his,
two thousand years prior to this event.
I will have offered mine ten days prior
to this event,
and Eliyahu will do it on this event.
Keep in mind,
for the three who are doing this, well,
it's no fun, I'm sure,
to be going through the
anguish of having a physical body
tormented this way being rid of the
physical body is a great joy it is
what prepares us to be empowered and
enriched by god and to be immortal so
as to provide the means to resolve the
iniquity and to pardon guilt for going
astray for the benefit of the people and
to return
with its blood toward that which is part
of the house through the curtain and do
with its blood as he did with the
blood of the bull.
Now, by the way,
he could approach with the bull.
He couldn't approach with the goat.
The goat's blood he could take with him.
That's another interesting insight.
And he will sprinkle the...
its blood as he did with the blood
of the bull sprinkling upon the mercy seat
and towards the front of the mercy seat
the part that faces the altar the part
that faces the entrance the part where you
would approach the mercy seat to sit on
it as a throne
Thereby he shall provide reconciliation
upon the set-apart place,
as a result of the impurity and the
filthiness of the children of Yisrael,
and as a result of their religious
rebellion and their political defiance,
and it will be resolved.
with the realization that they have been
totally wrong and that they were the ones
who had wandered away.
Therefore, he should act accordingly,
doing this to approach the tent of the
eternal witness and of the restoring
testimony during the appointed meetings,
which is
which is inhabited and abides with them in
the midst of their impurity and
filthiness.
In the midst of Jerusalem,
in the place where Jews gather all around
and are gathered all around in the midst
of all of their impurity,
this will be the means to purge them.
It is something that is in their midst,
which can purify that which is in their
midst, which is their souls.
And now we know why it will be
essential that Dode, as the high priest,
performs this role in concert with the
Torah's guidance.
Otherwise,
Yahweh's relationship would remain
unresolved due to the religious corruption
associated with Judaism and the political
revolt of the Marxists of his people.
God has outlined the means to cleanse the
religious rebellion and political defiance
from his people,
and he intends to implement his plan and
has the people in place to do so.
So with this symbolism of the blood of
the par, productive bowl,
being sprinkled on the mercy seat,
once on the side of the Kippurth
representing a new day,
followed by seven times on the face or
appearance of the Kippurth,
this mercy seat.
We now understand why Dode was,
or was said of Dode by Yahweh,
that he has blood on his hands.
This is what he was speaking of.
Now,
to provide full disclosure as we
contemplate Yahweh's instructions
regarding the upcoming Shavua harvest,
there is a cognate of par,
which represents a redeeming note.
Para means to thrive,
living a fruitful and abundant life.
And this beneficial alternative explains
why ha-bakar,
first thing in the morning is also a
bull who is encouraging and is who
perceptive and who is perceptive
contemplating the consequence of the herd
mentality of others.
Now, should this be as God intended?
I think it likely is.
We would be wise to consider the available
information and then respond appropriately
to this very special bull.
and understand the propensity of man to
become progressively evil with herd
mentality.
And this will break them out of that.
So we might also want to consider with
par bulls,
the positive implications are really quite
extraordinary.
Now,
along these lines in God's Torah
declaration on Shabuwa,
we also find bakor.
If you recall, Yahweh said, and one,
ichad bol,
representing that which is productive.
And this young male,
as God likes to call his, katan geor,
young man,
in the morning as a perceptive and
contemplative bull,
exposing herd mentality, along with two,
a ram and the most prominent of trees,
Now the same three Hebrew consonants that
vocalize bakor mean daybreak and rising
sun.
Satan's name, Halal bin Shakar,
also written Halal bin Shakar,
means the arrogant sun of the morning,
the rising star, the early in the day.
Additionally,
that's when he's going to show up for
his final confrontation with this bull.
Additionally, bakak,
conveys empty and void, wasteful.
And that may be why Yahweh wants us
too, Bukhar,
to consider and reflect upon our condition
as a consequence of having been confused.
His instructions need to be understood.
El, the word translated rams,
representing the upright pillar in the
doorway,
is also the Hebrew word for most prominent
of trees.
El is the ram presented to Abraham and
Esau on Mount Moriar.
El is the lamb who fulfilled Passover.
El is the most prominent tree of the
garden, the tree of knowledge.
It is all part of the same concept.
So we'll share one more thought and then
conclude this program for today.
Our Heavenly Father was not finished
describing the intent and means to the
Shabuwa cat seer.
He said,
all of these things will exist as a
means to become acceptable and to ascend
to Yahweh.
That would mean the bull, the lamb,
and the goats.
Their guilt,
is poured out on their behalf by the
feminine manifestation of this fiery light
a mayor uh is this to be interpreted
at you know there's a greater and lesser
mayor luminaries so the guilt is all
poured out on the people's behalf and
This is possible because of the fiery
light, which is transformative,
a uniquely welcoming and pleasing sight
and spirit.
Why?
Because as the bull is sacrificed,
there will be God's illuminating this
massive fire that will dance to the
heavens, symbolizing this luminary.
And as Elia makes that final sacrifice for
Dode to sprinkle the goat's blood on the
mercy seat,
the mercy seat will be as brilliant as
the sun.
It will all be gleaming at this point.
All to reconcile the relationship so that
this mortal remnant can approach Yahuwah.
That's Kara, called out Leviticus,
twenty three, eighteen.
It's a beautiful story that God is
painting with every aspect of it,
every nuance, every detail, every color,
every stroke,
all contributing to the portrait so that
we might understand what God has in store
for our future and therefore capitalize
upon it so that we have a future
with him.
Thank you for listening.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.